hello everyone welcome into friendship
is d the princeton 5d website friendship
now I'm your host Andy penny hey the
Prince of independent school district
board of trustees unanimously approved
the call of an eighty five point two
million dollar bond election form a ten
2014 that is aimed to benefit the
students of friendship is d by
accommodating the district continued
enrollment growth the trustees called
this election Monday October 21st during
their monthly meeting more than 75
percent of this proposed bond is
dedicated to campus construction and
renovation with the construction of a
ninth grade center and the eighth
elementary campus in the district is the
two major projects other projects
included our technology and security
upgrades maintenance improvements
extracurricular advances as well as land
purchases hey f is DS current enrollment
through in fifth through eighth grade is
2605 that number will surpass the 2550
capacity of friendship high school when
those students reach high school in
august 2017 this enrollment will
continue to climb with anticipated
growth in the near future as well the
ninth grade center would alleviate
current enrollment capacity concerns at
FHS an eighth elementary campus would
also help manage campus enrollment
capacity concerns in FASD as this year
kindergarten and first grade enrollments
have both elevated to more than 700
students these are the first two classes
in the history of FASD to surpass 700
demographic studies show this trend is
likely to continue with future classes f
is d is currently completing
construction of the district's seventh
elementary campus this is the final
project of a sixty nine point seven
percent voter-approved 2007 bond that
totaled 128 million dollars the 2007
bond included the construction of 3f ISD
campuses oak ridge elementary heritage
middle school and the seventh elementary
campus and since that time in 2007 F is
DS enrollment has grown by more than two
thousand and one hundred students again
the 2014 bond for friendship is d is
scheduled for May ten of 2014
hey thanks for joining us here on the
fringe of honesty website Princip now I
mean anything